Stop.
I yield!
Don't kill me. Please. I'm sorry.
Please.
I'll get back after washing up a little.
What?
Darn it.
The ANSP agent, who went in with the food
-and medical supplies… is coming out!
-She's out!
-There she is!
-She's coming out!
The students are coming!
Hurry up!
Move faster!
Unlike the ANSP's predictions,
The Northern spies are
releasing some hostages…
Those damn communists!
What do we do, sir? What if they say
there are only three spies in the dorm?
What do you think?
Take them to our interrogation room!
Stop the reporters
and get them into the car!
Hurry up! Hurry!
-You take care of the reporters.
-Don't worry, sir.
-Let's go, Seung-jun.
-Yes, sir.
-Get them in the car!
-Yes, sir!
Hurry!
Are the hostages safe? Is anyone injured?
Without giving in
to these evil communists,
we sent in a negotiation expert
and tenaciously convinced them.
As a result,
we accomplished
the release of tens of hostages today.
As we speak,
the released students are being taken
to the nearby hospital for check-ups.
We'll do our best
for them to go back to their families.
Thank you.
-Thanks.
-Thanks to you, I got a scoop.
What?
What's that?
What… What's going on?
-Hey, just a while.
-What?
-I'm borrowing this for just a while.
-No, you can't!
I'll pay you double later!
-I'm sorry!
-Wait, sir!
Hey!
What's wrong with you?
Didn't I make myself clear?
I told you not to do anything!
Didn't I tell you
not to do anything stupid?
All I did was go in and come out quietly.
But you came out with the hostages!
Not just one but a lot of them!
They told me to do it.
What, should I have said no?
Wait a minute.
As many as 30 hostages have been released.
Aren't you happy?
Of course I am!
I'm happy!
I am! That's why I'm like this! Damn it.
What are you looking at? Work!
Get back to work, you idiots!
You get out! Now!
I don't want to see you.
Get out of my sight.
Just go. Don't even say bye.
Just leave. Go!
I, An Gyeong-hui, and the ANSP
will do our best.
I solemnly swear it to the citizens.
When I was in elementary school, I drew
a devil-looking Northern spy
and won an award.
But I guess they're human after all,
seeing how they released 30 hostages.